
0
{
  name { Ancient Road }
  desc {
"    Long ago, this road must have been a thoroughfare, as it is easily forty
feet across. The stones that form it are still in very good shape here, as the
elements have not been able to abuse it as they have where it is exposed to the
open sky. You have entered the arching tunnel mouth, which towers above your
head impressively. It is still possible to see here, from the light coming in
through the tunnel entrance. The road continues straight and level into the
heart of the mountains; no end is visible from here, as it is shrouded in
darkness a few hundred feet beyond your current position.
  }
  flags { indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 62 }
	to { s, 1 }
  }
}

1
{
  name { Ancient Road }
  desc {
"    Long ago, this road must have been a thoroughfare, as it is easily forty
feet across. The stones that form it are still in very good shape here, as the
elements have not been able to abuse it here as they have where it is exposed
to the open sky. You are now in tunnel proper, this distinction being marked by
the gradual reduction of light from the entrance to nearly nothing - it is now
only a small semi-circle of light in the distance to the north. At this point,
only your light source allows you to see. The road, however, continues as
before; straight, flat, and servicable for travel.
  }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 0 }
	to { s, 2 }
  }
}

2
{
  name { Ancient Road }
  desc {
"    Long ago, this road must have been a thoroughfare, as it is easily forty
feet across. The stones that form it are still in very good shape here, as the
elements have not been able to abuse it here as they have where it is exposed
to the open sky. The road continues to the north and south here. There are some
skeletons in the middle of the road here, along with a small cart and a few
broken arrows and a few other miscellaneous broken items. They look like they
were heading north, although it's hard to tell for sure. Clearly, whoever these
people were, they have been dead for a very long time.
  }
  extra {
	keywords { items broken" }
	desc { There are fragments from a wooden shield, and several pieces of shattered
pottery, plus scraps of armor and a broken dagger.
	}
	keywords { skeleton skeletons bones" }
	desc { They have been completely stripped, and are now quite brittle with age. The
smaller one looks like it probably belonged to a humanoid female, the larger
to a humanoid male. Possibly a husband and wife. The bones of the male are
broken in a few places.
	}
  }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 1 }
	to { s, 3 }
  }
}

3
{
  name { Ancient Road }
  desc {
"    Long ago, this road must have been a thoroughfare, as it is easily forty
feet across. The stones that form it are still in very good shape here, as the
elements have not been able to abuse it here as they have where it is exposed
to the open sky. You are now well into a tunnel through a mountain range. It is
impossible to see an exit to the north or south, and you are now too far into
the passage for the elements to reach in any form. As a result, the air is
stale and unpleasant. It only becomes more so to the south, though it is better
to the north.
  }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 2 }
	to { s, 4 }
  }
}

4
{
  name { Ancient Road }
  desc {
"    Long ago, this road must have been a thoroughfare, as it is easily forty
feet across. The stones that form it are still in very good shape here, as the
elements have not been able to abuse it here as they have where it is exposed
to the open sky. There's a break in the monotony of the tunnel walls here, as
there is a large hole in the east wall that was apparently a waystation for
weary travelers many an age ago. The road continues to the north and south;
it is flat and smooth, shooting straight through the mountain's heart.
  }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 3 }
	to { e, 63 }
	to { s, 5 }
  }
}

5
{
  name { Ancient Road }
  desc {
"    Long ago, this road must have been a thoroughfare, as it is easily forty
feet across. The stones that form it are still in very good shape here, as the
elements have not been able to abuse it here as they have where it is exposed
to the open sky. The air is musty here, like one would expect from an area that
has not been traveled in ages untold. The road continues to the north and south
as far as your light can tell you. You sense the oppressive weight of millions
of tons of rocks hanging over your head, and marvel again at those who made
this road so long ago.
  }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 4 }
	to { s, 6 }
  }
}

6
{
  name { Ancient Road }
  desc {
"    Abruptly, the road ends here in a tremendous cave-in to the south. It isn't
clear how long ago the earth shifted and the roof of the tunnel collapsed, but
it is clear that no further travel to the south is possible this way. You spot
a few bones and pieces of broken equipment here, and the shadows your light
casts off the large stones among those that block your passage seem to dance
and flicker evilly. You have a strong urge to flee.
  }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  tele { 80, 1, 7 }
  exits {
	to { n, 5 }
	to { w, 8 }
	  info { door, closed }
	  keywords { secret" }
  }
}

7
{
  name { Ambush! }
  desc {
"    Well, you've found an explanation for the broken bones. A party of
well armed troglodytes have marked your travel down the road and have been
waiting patiently for you to arrive. They seem to have come from a small hole
in the west wall you hadn't noticed before, as it was partially hidden by one
of the large rocks that has fallen from the ceiling.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors, private }
  exits {
	to { n, 5 }
	to { w, 8 }
  }
}

8
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 9 }
	to { e, 6 }
	  info { door, closed }
	  keywords { secret" }
	to { s, 19 }
	to { w, 19 }
  }
}

9
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 10 }
	to { e, 14 }
	to { s, 12 }
	to { w, 11 }
  }
}

10
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 11 }
	to { e, 14 }
	to { s, 12 }
	to { w, 13 }
  }
}

11
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 11 }
	to { e, 20 }
	to { s, 13 }
	to { w, 12 }
  }
}

12
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 11 }
	to { s, 14 }
	to { w, 18 }
  }
}

13
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 12 }
	to { e, 21 }
	to { s, 15 }
	to { w, 13 }
  }
}

14
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 14 }
	to { e, 19 }
	to { s, 16 }
	to { w, 11 }
  }
}

15
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 12 }
	to { e, 23 }
	to { s, 13 }
	to { w, 14 }
  }
}

16
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 13 }
	to { e, 14 }
	to { s, 22 }
	to { w, 8 }
  }
}

17
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 16 }
	to { e, 17 }
	to { s, 19 }
	to { w, 22 }
  }
}

18
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 14 }
	to { e, 22 }
	to { s, 18 }
	to { w, 11 }
  }
}

19
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 8 }
	to { e, 19 }
	to { s, 17 }
	to { w, 9 }
  }
}

20
{
  name { Spider Cave }
  desc {
"    This might have been a troglodyte cave at one time, but it is currently
inhabited by a couple of really hungry looking cave spiders. It's hard to read
their expressions, but they seem to be looking at you in a manner that implies
you are going to be lunch. You notice a lot of broken bones on the floor here,
and there are some partially drained troglodyte corpses up in the webbing that
is suspended from the ceiling.   }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { w, 11 }
  }
}

21
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    You have entered a small, smelly cave. There are bits of junk scattered
about the dirty floor, personal things of the cave's occupant - a large and
particularly evil looking troglodyte. The conditions he is living in are
pitiful, and you turn your nose in disgust at the remains of a rotted tunnel
rat that he discards as you enter. Looks like he's found a more appetizing
meal.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { s, 13 }
  }
}

22
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    This cave is really nothing more than a slightly larger tunnel than most,
but it serves as an outpost for several troglodyte watchmen, who don't seem to
think much of your visit. They don't like your light very much. In fact, from
their behavior you might even think they don't like you!
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 18 }
	to { e, 16 }
	to { s, 17 }
	to { w, 23 }
  }
}

23
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    You seem to have stumbled upon an outpost of the troglodyes that live in
this region. In fact, from the sounds and glimpses to movement you see to the
west, you might have stumbled upon a troglodtye settlement. There are several
large troglodyes here will be glad to show you around. Well, they might be
willing to at least carry bits of you around, after they're done taking you
apart.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { e, 18 }
	to { w, 24 }
  }
}

24
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    This cave is apparently home to a bunch of real slobs. Not surprisingly,
it is adolescent troglodytes that live here. There are pieces of broken bone
and little bits of metal and glass scattered about the floor, as well as the
"valuables" of the cave's residents. You can hear the sounds of metal hitting
metal coming from the north, and there are also exits to the west and east.
  }
  sector { City }
  extra {
	keywords { valuables" }
	desc { There are bits of broken armor, the skull of a tunnel rat, pieces of string
and other such items of little worth.
	}
  }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 25 }
	to { e, 23 }
	to { w, 27 }
  }
}

25
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    This cave is clearly a practice area for young troglodytes to hone their
skills of maiming and killing. The cave wall is an impressive dark brown -
dried blood from the less successful of those tutored here. Apparently they
play-fight awfully rough. The broken weapons and scraps of armor lying about
testify to this fact as well. There are exits to the south and west.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { s, 24 }
	to { w, 26 }
  }
}

26
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    Mmm, you can smell some delicious tunnel rat stewing here, a cave that is
quite apparently the cooking area for the troglodytes living around here.
There are a few pots and pans here, though they are barely recognizable as
such. The small fire under the pot from which that yummy rat smell is being
emitted is barely enough to see by, but you can detect some troglodyte matrons
slaving over the cookery. They seem to think you'd make a nice addition to the
meal they're preparing. There is an exit to the south, and you hear what might
be the clatter of weapons coming from the east.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { indoors }
  exits {
	to { e, 25 }
	to { s, 27 }
  }
}

27
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    It's yet another troglodyte strongpoint. From the density of these things,
you'd have to think the troglodyte people were constantly under attack. Who
could be invading their homeland? You realize it's probably adventurers like
you they guard themselves against. The cave is large and has three exits, one
each to the north, south, and east. There is a funny, slightly unpleasant smell
coming from the north.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 26 }
	to { e, 24 }
	to { s, 28 }
  }
}

28
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 24 }
	to { e, 28 }
	to { s, 29 }
	to { w, 30 }
  }
}

29
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 27 }
	to { e, 30 }
	to { s, 32 }
	to { w, 40 }
  }
}

30
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 29 }
	to { e, 29 }
	to { s, 31 }
	to { w, 32 }
  }
}

31
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in three of the four compass directions.  The tunnel 
floor has been worn smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 31 }
	to { s, 32 }
	to { w, 30 }
  }
}

32
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 18 }
	to { e, 33 }
	to { s, 36 }
	to { w, 34 }
  }
}

33
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 40 }
	to { e, 30 }
	to { s, 34 }
	to { w, 33 }
  }
}

34
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 36 }
	to { e, 30 }
	to { s, 35 }
	to { w, 33 }
  }
}

35
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 27 }
	to { e, 31 }
	to { s, 35 }
	to { w, 38 }
  }
}

36
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 30 }
	to { e, 36 }
	to { s, 35 }
	to { w, 29 }
  }
}

37
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 38 }
	to { e, 39 }
	to { s, 35 }
	to { w, 36 }
  }
}

38
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 37 }
	to { e, 31 }
	to { s, 38 }
	to { w, 30 }
  }
}

39
{
  name { Many Tunnels }
  desc {
"    This is a twisty underground tunnel with many exits and entrances. The
ground is more or less even, but the passage walls are so similar in kind that
it is impossible to differentiate one passage from another by them. There are
exits leading in all four compass directions. The tunnel floor has been worn
smooth by the passage of many feet.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 37 }
	to { e, 39 }
	to { s, Rhyodin:50 }
	  desc { There is a sign carved in the south wall. It reads:

       _____
      /     \
      | O O |
       \uuu/
       /nnn\
       \___/
    O____ ____O
     ____X____
    O         O

}
	to { w, 39 }
  }
}

40
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    This is the entrance of a large cave, that extends to the west and then
branches out further to the north. It is likely that you have found the
beginning of the main troglodyte community, as they are quite numerous here.
>From their reaction to you, you'd think they are of the opinion you are
invading their privacy or something. There are two exits - east back into the
tunnels, and west, deeper into the caves.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { e, 32 }
	to { w, 41 }
  }
}

41
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    You are in the southeasternmost arc of a large cave shaped approximately
like a donut, with an extremely large column in the center of the cavern. The
diameter of the column, you estimate, is probably about two-thirds of that of
the cave itself. It makes for a very strange tunnel-like effect, but it looks
natural though you have no idea what force of nature might have caused it.
This is where the troglodytes hone their weapons and repair their armor. From
the looks of things, it appears as if it's a skill they've been working on for
some time; though their tools are limited their armor and weapons are in
excellent shape. Maybe the Repair Guy had some troglodyte blood, who knows?
As you enter the cave, the many troglodytes working in here eye your armor and
weapons appreciatively.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 42 }
	to { e, 40 }
	to { w, 47 }
  }
}

42
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    This is the northeastern cave of a linked set of four caves, which could
also be characterized as a single cave with an awfully big column in the
center.  From what you can tell, the cave is shaped more or less like a big
donut. In this section of the cave, female troglodytes are working on
extracting those vital vitamins and minerals from recent kills, by crushing
the bones into a powder which gets mixed into an occasional meal. There are
a couple of young trogs running around here, annoying those working. All this
activity ceases when you enter, and they turn to the task of defending their
home. In addition to the exits along the cave to the west and south, there is
also a passage leading north.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 43 }
	to { e, 44 }
	to { s, 41 }
	to { w, 48 }
  }
}

43
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    This cave appears to the the nursury. Normally, the troglodyte young and
their guardians are here, playing games and learning new skills. The cave is
entirely unlit normally, and the presence of your light source appears to be
the brightest thing some of the little trogs have ever seen. Again, it strikes
you that you might be trespassing. There is a larger cave off to the south,
and there are also cavern to the north and west.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 45 }
	to { e, 44 }
	to { s, 42 }
  }
}

44
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    This is a smaller cave than any of the others in this area. It appears to
be a hidden twin strongpoint to the one directly east of here, from which the
cave you are currently in is not clearly visible. Ordinarily, this position
would be occupied by troglodytes watching over the other strongpoint to the
east, preparing to reinforce them in case of any trouble.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { e, 27 }
	to { w, 43 }
  }
}

45
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    You are in the female troglodytes sleeping quarters - as nice a place as
you think you've ever seen, for a cave. It looks like the place has been
cleaned with a toothbrush... even the dirt on the cave floor looks clean. The
rocks are shiny and sparkle at you, hinting at worth in their glittering
cleanliness, even though you know they are without value. There are ordinarily
several female troglodytes here, in serious discussion.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { s, 43 }
  }
}

46
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    This large cave is the sleeping quarters of most of the male troglodytes,
a fact that is evinced more than anything by the bad smell and the large mess.
How so many creatures who don't believe in bathing could live together in one
room is beyond comprehension. Perhaps troglodyes have no sense of smell. This
place is such a mess, you imagine they must have bad vision, too, to tolerate
it. The cave is normally occupied by a few troglodyte soldiers, catching a nap
between guard duties.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 47 }
  }
}

47
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    The cave you are in resembles a tunnel more than anything, and might be
labeled as such if it weren't so wide. In fact, though, you are in a cavern
with an extremely large column of natural stone in the middle, which blocks
the view of the other side of the cavern from your current position. This part
of the cave is a practice area for adult troglodytes, as there are scraps of
metal and wood scattered about the floor in silent testimony to past rites of
supremacy that determine the clan chief. There are exits to the north, south,
and east.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 48 }
	to { e, 41 }
	to { s, 46 }
  }
}

48
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    You are now in the northwest arc of a large, donut shaped cave. This is
likely the place where the soldiers work out ther strategy and formations, as
you can see a bunch of rocks set on a stone "table" (really just a large, flat
rock), ostensibly the staging grounds for mock battles and strategic plots by
troglodytes here for many a year, given how smooth the top has now been worn.
There are also several crude drawings on the wall, though what they are of, it
is hard to say for sure. The cave continues to the south and east, and there
are also passageways leading to the west and north.
  }
  sector { City }
  extra {
	keywords { drawing drawings" }
	desc { ___| |________________
|       |   |        |
|       |      Vkrm  |
| Gzk!      |        |
|       |   |________|
|_______|   |        |
|           |        |
|<<<<<<<       Xcwn  |
|_______    |        |
|       |   |________|
|  \|/  |   |        |
|  -o-  |   |        |
|  /|\  |            |
|___________|___ ____|
              |   |
              | : |
              |___|
	}
  }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 49 }
	to { e, 42 }
	to { s, 47 }
	to { w, 50 }
  }
}

49
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    This is the chief's "private" cave. Apparently being the leader of these
people has some priveledges, at least. The caves furnishings are only slightly
more ornate here than anywhere else, though, so apparently the job isn't
exactly loaded with perks. The chief is here, talking with his top fighters
about prospects of battle. They turn to you, knowing now the battle they had
been anticipating is already upon them. There is an exit to the east.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { s, 48 }
  }
}

50
{
  name { Caves of the Troglodytes }
  desc {
"    This cave is apparently the place where the troglodyte chief receives his
guests. There is a large case filled with trophies from past victories of the
troglodyte clan. Among the trophies, you spot a battered Golden Shield, the
skull of a cave fisher, with some dents and a big hole just over the right
eye, a small crystal sphere, and dull grey helmet with a plume that was once
probably white. The mementos here range from the unexpected to the astounding.
You are impressed by the ability of such a seemingly limited people to have
defeated such a large and varied set of opponents. You can exit east  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { e, 48 }
  }
}

51
{
  name { Mountain Trail }
  desc {
"    The end of the mountain trail is evident to your west from here; the trail
drops steeply and the ground turns greener, as the elevation isn't sufficient
to maintain the ice and snow of the higher ground. A freezing wind blows down
the mountains through which this trail winds, and it makes you shiver in your
boots. The mountain trail leads to the south from here up and up again the
mountain heights. You can also go west to more moderate climes.
  }
  sector { Mountains }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { w, 60 }
  }
}

52
{
  name { Mountain Trail }
  desc {
"    The trail turns again here, as it makes its way up and around the peaks
the have started to appear around you in all directions. Though the path
doesn't assault any actual peaks, you notice that the elevation here is
significantly higher than it is to the north, and it rises even further as it
continues it's journey to the east, since it moves of the valley floor up
along the side of a mountain. Up until now, the snow that has been adorning
the mountains was higher up, but you have come to the point where the trail
winds through the snow. Still, it is compact enough to permit travel, though
the way is a bit slipperier.
  }
  sector { Mountains }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { n, 51 }
	to { e, 53 }
  }
}

53
{
  name { Mountain Trail }
  desc {
"    It is bitterly cold here. The snow on the path is about ankle deep here,
and it's fresh, which makes traveling on it a bit of a trial. The path is now
making its way along a mountainside, rather than trying to slither between the
peaks at their bases. As a result, to the south there is an impressive drop to
the valley floor far below. Fortunately, the path is wide enough to afford
easy travel without worrying about slipping to one's death below. The grade is
quite steep going up to the east, though to the west the trail leaves the
mountainside on it's way down to warmer places. An icy wind blows from the
southeast, chilling you to the bone.
  }
  sector { Mountains }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { e, 54 }
	to { w, 52 }
  }
}

54
{
  name { Mountain Trail }
  desc {
"    The trail curves along the side of a mountain here, leading to the west
and south; ever rising to the south, dropping to the west. Across a valley far
below you, you can see lesser peaks to the north. You are above them, and you
can see they are just below the constant cloudline that glooms menacingly on
the trail leading south into the mountains above you. The snow is still
shallow enough here for reasonable travel, though it is fresh, and your feet
sink into up to the top of your ankles. Unfortunately, it looks as if it only
gets deeper to the south, where the trail rises further. The wind is strong
here, and it claws at your clothing, penetrating it to make you long for warmer
climes.
  }
  sector { Mountains }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { s, 55 }
	to { w, 53 }
  }
}

55
{
  name { Mountain Trail }
  desc {
"    Your ears pop, and it is difficult to breathe normally here, as the
elevation makes for a scarcity of oxygen in the atmosphere. You hope to leave
this place soon, as the elements are starting to wear on you. It is snowing
lightly here, and the fresh snow on the ground makes travel difficult, as each
step is a labor in which you submerge your feet into the knee deep snow and
extract them again to plod on. Adding to the unpleasantness is a wind that you
are really starting to resent, blowing down from the the south. Visibility is
restricted here by the cloud cover, so it is impossible to tell how much
further the trail rises before it breaks through the worst part of mountains.
You can go up to the south, or down to the north.
  }
  sector { Mountains }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { n, 54 }
	to { s, 56 }
  }
}

56
{
  name { Mountain Trail }
  desc {
"    The trail drops into a small crevice here, as it makes it's way up the
side of yet another immense peak. You can't tell how far up you are for sure,
but given the practically waist deep snow and the difficulty you are having
breathing, it is higher then humanoids were built to travel for very long. The
nice thing about the crevice is that it prevents the wind from doing further
damage to you, for a while at least. The snow here is on the heavy side; large
flakes now fall around you silently. The crevice turns to the east, leading
ever upward, and to the north it returns to the lands below.
  }
  sector { Mountains }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { n, 55 }
	to { e, 57 }
  }
}

57
{
  name { Mountain Trail }
  desc {
"    To say it is snowing here would be an understatement. It is snowing
*hard*, and combined with the strong cold wind the weather here could almost
be characterized as a blizzard. You have to bend over to present as little
surface as possible to the constant force of the wind. The mountain trail is
now covered in hip deep snow and distinguishable only because the mountains to
the north and east and southwest prevent passage in those directions. You can
barely breath, and the instant crystalization of what little air you expel
tells you that continued travel here may be a fatal mistake. To the extent the
trail is visible, it leads to down the mountain to the west and up further
still to the south.
  }
  sector { Mountains }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { s, 58 }
	to { w, 56 }
  }
}

58
{
  name { Mountain Trail }
  desc {
"    You are in a full force blizzard, travelling along a narrow pass near the
top of the peaks in a vast mountain range. You can just see the outlines of
the pinnacles of the mountains to your east and west, and the ground seems to
have entirely flattened out, though it is hard to be sure with the gale force
wind buffeting you about and blowing snow in your eyes. It is nearly
impossible to breathe here, the air is so thin. You are now practically
swimming in snow, and the exertion is exhausting you. The mountain path leads
further south, and to the north, where the trail descends.
  }
  sector { Mountains }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { n, 57 }
	to { s, 59 }
  }
}

59
{
  name { Snowy Pass }
  desc {
"    The wind screams in your ears here, as you enter a narrow mountain pass
at the very apex of the mountain range. From what little you can tell in the
driving snow, the trail drops in elevation to the south, though it flattens
out to the north. Unfortunately, the further south you go, the deeper the snow
gets. Eventually, it reaches eye level, and you realize that further passage
in this direction is impossible. The prospects of making your way to the north
are not particularly attractive, but further travel to the south is right out,
since wading through snow above your head would certainly result in a frozen,
self-performed burial.
  }
  sector { Mountains }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { n, 58 }
  }
}

60
{
  name { Valley Trail }
  desc {
"    The valley here is much greener than that to the north, and looking that
way you are a bit surprised by the vast difference in temperature as well.
The gentle hills to the west become steeper to the east, which is the way the
trail continues, in addition to it's sojourn through the dryer valley to the
north. You can see the great eastern desert stretching off to the northwest
from here, as you look in that direction a pyramidical shape is evident. To
the west you can just make out the outlines of rectangular object of impressive
size. Probably a city or something.
  }
  sector { Hills }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { n, 61 }
	to { e, 51 }
  }
}

61
{
  name { Valley Trail }
  desc {
"    A narrow valley extends to the south here, and to the west you can see it
ending in a riverbed, as there is a cliff apparently blocking further passage
in that direction. The landscape here is dotted with brown brush and other dry
weather foliage, though as you look to the south things get a bit greener,
probably the result of runoff from an extensive mountain range that has become
visible to the southeast. From here, you can see the whitecaps standing starkly
against the clear sky. The trail to the south looks like it's headed that way,
as the trail has a pronounced rise in that direction. You can also go west to
the dry river bed.
  }
  sector { Hills }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { s, 60 }
  }
}

62
{
  name { The Dry Ford }
  desc {
"    The river bed rises here slightly, and you can see that once upon a time
someone forded the river here.  A cliff blocks you passage to the west
and east. Some sort of road or path begins to wind its way through the valley
to the south of here.  The river bed also continues to the north and begins
to appear to actually have water in it.  The climate is quite sultry and
you begin to sweat.
  }
  sector { Field }
  flags { private }
  exits {
	to { n, Midgard:323 }
	to { s, 0 }
  }
}

63
{
  name { Rest Stop Entryway }
  desc {
"    This area is little more than a wide tunnel bridging the rest stop commons
and the road. Once upon a time this passage and the rest stop were well-
traveled, but given the amount of the dust on the floor, it is clear that like
the road itself, it has been unused for ages. There are sconces in the walls
for torches, but none are there now - your light source provides the only
illumination. You can exit east to the ancient road, or west, where the tunnel
enters a larger area that once served as a common area.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { e, 64 }
	to { w, 4 }
  }
}

64
{
  name { Rest Stop Commons }
  desc {
"    This is a sizeable room, approximately square in shape, and almost two
hundred feet on a side. From the shape and texture of the walls you surmise
that a natural cave was enlarged to create the space you currently occupy.
The ground is flat, and unadorned. Once upon a time, weary travelers pitched
their tents here to rest before continuing on to their destination. There are
no signs of recent use, however. There are openings in the walls of this room
in all four compass directions, though your light source isn't powerful enough
to reveal where they lead.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 68 }
	to { e, 65 }
	to { s, 66 }
	to { w, 63 }
  }
}

65
{
  name { Rest Stop Stables }
  desc {
"    Apparently not only could travellers rest here at the waystation, but
their steeds could as well. This medium sized room was clearly cut from the
rock, as the sharpness of the corners and smoothness of the rock rules out the
possibility of any natural cause for its formation. Little remains of the
stables themselves, as the wood that was used to separate the animals has
mostly rotted to dust. What remains is broken and useless for its original
purpose. There is only one exit from this room, which is through a passage to
the west.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { w, 64 }
  }
}

66
{
  name { Supply Center }
  desc {
"    This area looks to have been a supply station for weary travelers. There
is a small crack in the south wall through which water must have flowed at one
time, given the elaborate apparatus of metal gutters that lead to a small hole
in the southwestern corner of the room. No water flows there now. There are
also stone biers jutting out of the floor in four rows, upon which foodstuffs,
mount feed, and other supplies could have rested. Nothing remains of whatever
supplies were once kept here. There are two exits; back to the commons to the
north, and also through a small passage to the east.
  }
  sector { City }
  extra {
	keywords { bier biers" }
	desc { They come up out of the room's floor and are quite solid.
	}
	keywords { gutter" }
	desc { It was clearly used to channel water from the crack to the hole in the floor.
It is made of a strange black metal that seems to have entirely resisted the
trials of time, and shows no signs of rust, either. It is securely fastened
to the rock wall, however.
	}
	keywords { hole" }
	desc { It is less than a foot in diameter, and appears to drop straight down for as
far as you can tell by jutting your light source into it. The gutter leading
up to it was doubtless used to channel the water to this outlet.
	}
	keywords { crack" }
	desc { It is just above eye level for an average humanoid, and is only a few inches
wide. You can't see very far into it, as it narrows and turns after a few feet.
	}
  }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { n, 64 }
	to { e, 67 }
  }
}

67
{
  name { Storage Room }
  desc {
"    This is a very small room, less than ten feet on a side. The roof, which
in other places in the rest stop has been a comfortable twelve feet, here drops
to seven feet, further reinforcing the sense claustrophobia one gets upon
entering. Once upon a time this place was probably used to store reserve goods
for the supply area it is adjacent to. Like the supply center itself, however,
it is now completely devoid of anything of value. In fact, it is bare of junk
as well - this place is empty. There is an exit to the west.
  }
  sector { City }
  flags { dark, indoors }
  exits {
	to { w, 66 }
  }
}

68
{
  name { The Mountain Path }
  desc {
" You find yourself standing in a heavily wooded area, overgrown with brush,
and gnarled trees. To the north, you see a neglected, twisted path,
disappearing far into the mountains.
  }
  sector { Mountains }
  flags { no_mob }
}
